tidb cloud: release notes for 20240521 (#17524)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-release-notes.md

This page lists the release notes of [TiDB Cloud](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud/) in 2024.

## May 21, 2024

**General changes**

> - Provide the following new [TiDB node size](/tidb-cloud/size-your-cluster.md#tidb-vcpu-and-ram) for [TiDB Dedicated](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-dedicated) clusters hosted on Google Cloud:
> 
>     - 8 vCPU, 16 GiB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Provide a new [TiDB node size](/tidb-cloud/size-your-cluster.md#tidb-vcpu-and-ram) for [TiDB Dedicated](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-dedicated) clusters hosted on Google Cloud: `8 vCPU, 16 GiB`
```

Reviewer: ref: https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/tidb-cloud-release-notes#april-9-2024
